update features.md (#262)
vanus-labs/docs: content/introduction/features.md

id: features
---

# Vanus Features

> Vanus has a vast amount of features to help users achieve their goals. Let us share with you some of the key features Vanus has to offer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vanus offers an extensive range of features that help users accomplish their objectives. We'd like to highlight some of the key features that Vanus provides.
```

## Entirely elastic:
* No need to manually scale up or down the cluster.
* Expand new clusters in seconds after traffic increases.
* After the traffic is reduced, the cluster is reduced in seconds.
* Both storage and compute clusters can be scaled up and down.

## Lightweight & Kubertenes native:
* One-click deployment, 10s to complete the installation.
* No external dependencies, no need for zookeeper.
* Limited resource usage, each pod in the cluster can run with 0.5 core and 500M memory.

## Separation of storage and computing:
* The storage node is completely based on k8s design, multiple copies, and supports multi-level storage.
* There is an independent computing cluster that supports real-time computing of events, including filtering and Transformation.

## Event computing:
* Provide event filtering and transformation capabilities.
* Provide 100+ out-of-the-box event conversion functions.
* Support custom event calculation based on cloud functions.

> * Support for window-based event computing (come soon).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Support for window-based event computing (coming soon).
```

id: features
---

# Vanus Features

Vanus has a vast amount of features to help users achieve their goals. Let us share with you some of the key features Vanus has to offer.

> **Entirely elastic:**

Author: done

* No need to manually scale up or down the cluster.

* Expand new clusters in seconds after traffic increases.

* After the traffic is reduced, the cluster is reduced in seconds.

* Both storage and compute clusters can be scaled up and down.

> **Lightweight & K8s native:**

Author: done

* One-click deployment, 10s to complete the installation.

* No external dependencies, no need for zookeeper.

> * Limited resource usage, each pod in the cluster can run with 0.1 core and 500M memory.

Reviewer 2: 0.5 core is better

**Separation of storage and computing:**

> * The storage node is completely based on k8s design, multiple copies, and supports multi-level storage.

Reviewer 2: multi-level -> multi-tier

> * There is an independent computing cluster that supports real-time computing of events, including filtering and conversion.

Reviewer 2: conversion -> Transformation

Author: done

**Event computing:**

* Provide event filtering and transformation capabilities.

* Provide 100+ out-of-the-box event conversion functions.
* Support custom event calculation based on cloud functions.
* Support for window-based event computing (come soon).

**Cloud function friendly:**

> * Real push model.

Reviewer 2: model -> mode

Author: done

* Native support for CloudEvents specification.

> * Seamlessly integrate cloud functions such as Aws lambda, Google Cloud Function, and Knative.

Reviewer 2: AWS Lambda

Author: done
